feat(infra): Install infrastructure doc (#17289)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/infrastructure-monitoring/get-started/choose-infra-install-method.mdx

freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

import osAnsibleRed from 'images/os_icon_ansible-red.webp'

import osChef from 'images/os_icon_chef.webp'

import osEbs from 'images/os_icon_ebs.webp'

import osPuppet from 'images/os_icon_puppet.webp'

import infrastructureAngetsandNr from 'images/infrastructure_diagram_angets-and-nr.webp'

import osDocker from 'images/os_icon_docker.webp'

The infrastructure agent is an executable file that collects data about your hosts. You can enable the infrastructure agent to report data from [some third party services](/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/installation/install-infrastructure-host-integrations) and to collect [log data](/docs/logs/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent). 

The infrastructure agent can run on Windows, macOS, and many Linux distributions. This document describes the different methods you can use to install the infrastructure agent. To get started, you'll need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup) and a license key.

## Install the infrastructure agent manually [#manual-install]

> We recommend following our manual install procedures if you're looking to monitor a couple hosts, but nothing more complex. In general, you'll use the command line to create a directory where the agent lives in, then add your license key information. Depending on your operating system, you may need to create and edit a config file as well. To install manually, start here:

Reviewer: The latter half or so of the first sentence reads kind of weirdly to me, but I've no recommendations on how to fix it sadly

* [Install on Linux systems with a package manager](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux)
* [Install on macOS](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/macos-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-macos)
* Install on Windows with [MSI install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-windows), [zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-assisted-install-infrastructure-agent-windows), or [manual zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-manual-install-infrastructure-agent-windows).

## Deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically [#deploy-programmatically]

> You can deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically with several config management and deploy tools:

Reviewer: I think programmatically is the wrong word here, I'd recommend trying to simplify it

    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Chef" alt="Chef" src={osChef}/> [Chef](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-using-chef)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '28px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Docker" alt="Docker" src={osDocker}/> [Docker](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/docker-container-infrastructure-monitoring) (install as container)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="EBS" alt="EBS" src={osEbs}/>[Elastic Beanstalk](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/config-management-tools/install-infrastructure-agent-aws-elastic-beanstalk)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Puppet" alt="Puppet" src={osPuppet}/> [Puppet](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-puppet)

## Use the guided install [#guided-install]

> The guided install is a single CLI command you can run to monitor your instance. It's a good option for small organizations, or for anyone who wants to test out New Relic. When you run the CLI command, New Relic will inspect your system to find other compatibilty technologies that you may want to monitor. You'll also receive the [infrastructure status API](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/docs/status_api.md) by default.

Reviewer: instance is almost certainly too vague here

Author: tbh this is just boilerplate language i pulled from across the docs for the guided install. im going to keep it for consistency because it doesn't install the agents into your environment, just an instance of a host (or app, or whatever)

<Callout variant="important">

>   The New Relic CLI does not support FedRAMP servers. If you're a FedRAMP customer, please refer to the [manual installation instructions](#manual-install).

Reviewer: does not > doesn't

freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

import osAnsibleRed from 'images/os_icon_ansible-red.webp'

import osChef from 'images/os_icon_chef.webp'

import osEbs from 'images/os_icon_ebs.webp'

import osPuppet from 'images/os_icon_puppet.webp'

import infrastructureAngetsandNr from 'images/infrastructure_diagram_angets-and-nr.webp'

import osDocker from 'images/os_icon_docker.webp'

The infrastructure agent is an executable file that collects data about your hosts. You can enable the infrastructure agent to report data from [some third party services](/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/installation/install-infrastructure-host-integrations) and to collect [log data](/docs/logs/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent). 

The infrastructure agent can run on Windows, macOS, and many Linux distributions. This document describes the different methods you can use to install the infrastructure agent. To get started, you'll need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup) and a license key.

## Install the infrastructure agent manually [#manual-install]

> 
> We recommend following our manual install procedures if you're looking to monitor a couple hosts, but nothing more complex. In general, you'll use the command line to create a directory where the agent lives in, then add your license key information. Depending on your operating system, you may need to create and edit a config file as well. To install manually, start here:
> 
> * [Install on Linux systems with a package manager](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux)
> * [Install on macOS](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/macos-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-macos)
> * Install on Windows with [MSI install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-windows), [zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-assisted-install-infrastructure-agent-windows), or [manual zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-manual-install-infrastructure-agent-windows).
> 
> ## Deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically [#deploy-programmatically]
> 
> You can deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically with several config management and deploy tools:
> 
>     * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Ansible" alt="Ansible" src={osAnsibleRed}/> [Ansible](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-using-ansible)
>     * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Chef" alt="Chef" src={osChef}/> [Chef](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-using-chef)
>     * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '28px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Docker" alt="Docker" src={osDocker}/> [Docker](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/docker-container-infrastructure-monitoring) (install as container)
>     * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="EBS" alt="EBS" src={osEbs}/>[Elastic Beanstalk](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/config-management-tools/install-infrastructure-agent-aws-elastic-beanstalk)
>     * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Puppet" alt="Puppet" src={osPuppet}/> [Puppet](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-puppet)
> 
> ## Use the guided install [#guided-install]
> 
> The guided install is a single CLI command you can run to monitor your instance. It's a good option for small organizations, or for anyone who wants to test out New Relic. When you run the CLI command, New Relic will inspect your system to find other compatibilty technologies that you may want to monitor. You'll also receive the [infrastructure status API](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/docs/status_api.md) by default.
> 
> <Callout variant="important">
>   The New Relic CLI does not support FedRAMP servers. If you're a FedRAMP customer, please refer to the [manual installation instructions](#manual-install).
> </Callout>
> 
> Choose your [New Relic data center region](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-setup/choose-your-data-center) to get started: 
> 
> <ButtonGroup>
>   <ButtonLink
>     role="button"
>     to="https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace?state=15321ec0-7cd8-0c04-52bf-7b65778f2e8c"
>     variant="primary"
>   >
>     Guided install for US region
>   </ButtonLink>
> 
>   <ButtonLink
>     role="button"
>     to="https://one.eu.newrelic.com/marketplace?state=15321ec0-7cd8-0c04-52bf-7b65778f2e8c"
>     variant="primary"
>   >
>     Guided install for EU region
>   </ButtonLink>
> </ButtonGroup>
> 
> <InstallFeedback />
> 
> ## Check the source code [#source-code]
> 
> The infrastructure agent is open source software. That means you can [browse its source code](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent) and [send improvements](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), or create your own fork and build it. For more information, see the [README](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/README.md).
> 
> ## What's next? [whats-next]
> 
> After you've installed the infrastructure agent:
> 
>     * Learn how to [configure the agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-configure-infrastructure/configuration/configure-infrastructure-agent) or edit the [config template](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/assets/examples/infrastructure/newrelic-infra-template.yml.example).
>     * Install [on-host integrations](/docs/integrations/host-integrations/getting-started/introduction-host-integrations) (for example, Apache or MySQL).
>     * [Enable log forwarding using the infrastructure agent](/docs/logs/enable-new-relic-logs/1-enable-logs/forward-your-logs-using-new-relic-infrastructure).
>     * Learn how to [manage the agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/manage-your-agent).
>     * Our infrastructure agent is a lightweight executable file. Learn more about what that means [here](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/getting-started/infrastructure-agent-performance-overhead)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The infrastructure agent is an executable file that collects data about your hosts. You can enable the infrastructure agent to report data from [some third-party services](/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/installation/install-infrastructure-host-integrations) and to collect [log data](/docs/logs/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/enable-log-monitoring-new-relic/forward-your-logs-using-infrastructure-agent). 

The infrastructure agent can run on Windows, macOS, and many Linux distributions. This document describes the different methods you can use to install the infrastructure agent. You'll need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup) and a license key to get started.

## Install the infrastructure agent manually [#manual-install]

We recommend that you follow our manual install procedures if you're looking to monitor a couple of hosts, but nothing more complex. In general, you'll use the command line to create a directory where the agent lives in, then add your license key information. Depending on your operating system, you may need to create and edit a config file as well. To install manually, start here:

* [Install on Linux systems with a package manager](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-linux)
* [Install on macOS](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/macos-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-macos)
* Install on Windows with [MSI install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/install-infrastructure-monitoring-agent-windows), [zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-assisted-install-infrastructure-agent-windows), or [manual zip install](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/windows-installation/zip-manual-install-infrastructure-agent-windows).

## Deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically [#deploy-programmatically]

You can deploy the infrastructure agent programmatically with several config management and deploy tools:

    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Ansible" alt="Ansible" src={osAnsibleRed}/> [Ansible](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-using-ansible)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Chef" alt="Chef" src={osChef}/> [Chef](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-using-chef)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '28px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Docker" alt="Docker" src={osDocker}/> [Docker](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/docker-container-infrastructure-monitoring) (install as container)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="EBS" alt="EBS" src={osEbs}/>[Elastic Beanstalk](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/config-management-tools/install-infrastructure-agent-aws-elastic-beanstalk)
    * <img style={{ width: '32px', height: '32px', verticalAlign: 'middle'}} class="inline" title="Puppet" alt="Puppet" src={osPuppet}/> [Puppet](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/config-management-tools/configure-new-relic-infrastructure-puppet)

## Use the guided install [#guided-install]

The guided install is a single CLI command you can run to monitor your instance. It's a good option for small organizations, or for anyone who wants to test out New Relic. When you run the CLI command, New Relic will inspect your system to find other compatibility technologies that you may want to monitor. You'll also receive the [infrastructure status API](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/docs/status_api.md) by default.

<Callout variant="important">
  The New Relic CLI does not support FedRAMP servers. If you're a FedRAMP customer, please refer to the [manual installation instructions](#manual-install).
</Callout>

Choose your [New Relic data center region](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-setup/choose-your-data-center) to get started: 

<ButtonGroup>
  <ButtonLink
    role="button"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace?state=15321ec0-7cd8-0c04-52bf-7b65778f2e8c"
    variant="primary"
  >
    Guided install for US region
  </ButtonLink>

  <ButtonLink
    role="button"
    to="https://one.eu.newrelic.com/marketplace?state=15321ec0-7cd8-0c04-52bf-7b65778f2e8c"
    variant="primary"
  >
    Guided install for EU region
  </ButtonLink>
</ButtonGroup>

<InstallFeedback />

## Check the source code [#source-code]

The infrastructure agent is open source software. That means you can [browse its source code](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent) and [send improvements](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md), or create your own fork and build it. For more information, see the [README](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/README.md).

## What's next? [whats-next]

After you've installed the infrastructure agent:

    * Learn how to [configure the agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-configure-infrastructure/configuration/configure-infrastructure-agent) or edit the [config template](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/blob/master/assets/examples/infrastructure/newrelic-infra-template.yml.example).
    * Install [on-host integrations](/docs/integrations/host-integrations/getting-started/introduction-host-integrations) (for example, Apache or MySQL).
    * [Enable log forwarding using the infrastructure agent](/docs/logs/enable-new-relic-logs/1-enable-logs/forward-your-logs-using-new-relic-infrastructure).
    * Learn how to [manage the agent](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/manage-your-agent).
    * Our infrastructure agent is a lightweight executable file. Learn more about what that means [here](/docs/infrastructure/new-relic-infrastructure/getting-started/infrastructure-agent-performance-overhead)
```
